Correction in Readme (#861)
ColoredCow/portal: docs/installation.md

2. Install dependencies
```sh
composer install
```
Note: Use the php version (7.3 / 7.4) or else use the below link to download.
link(https://www.php.net/downloads.php#v7.4.22).
```
npm install
```

> 3. Change's in the php.ini file,

Reviewer: I think this shouldn't be part of installation, but rather pre-requisites file. When setting up XAMPP.

> 3. Change's in the php.ini file,
> Go to your php.ini file(C:\xampp\php)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable the OpenSSL extension. Go to your php.ini file (C:\xampp\php)
```

> Search for openssl,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for openssl
```
